NoUnblockToJump: Also allow jump for ignored users (#3110)
Vendicated/Vencord: src/plugins/noUnblockToJump/README.md

# No Unblock To Jump

> Removes this popup when you try to jump to a message (eg: in search results).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes the popup preventing you to jump to a message from a blocked/ignored user (eg: in search results)
```
